Add walkthrough for how to add an implementation (#501)
mscroggs/defelement.com: pages/adding-an-implementation.md

--
authors:
  - Scroggs, Matthew W.
--

# Adding an implementation to DefElement

This walkthrough will take you through all the steps involved in adding an implementation to
DefElement.

Detailed documentation of the class methods and variables used in this walkthrough, as well as
other optional method, can be found in the file
[defelement/implementations/core.py](https://github.com/DefElement/DefElement/tree/main/defelement/implementations/core.py).

## simplefem
As an example, this walkthrough will look at adding the
[simplefem](https://github.com/DefElement/simplefem) library to DefElement. simplefem is a simple
example finite element library (that was created in order to be used in this walkthrough): it can

> create Lagrange elements on triangles and evaluate their basis functions. For example, the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[simplefem](https://github.com/DefElement/simplefem) library to DefElement.
simplefem has been created to serve as an illustration library for this walkthrough, and should not be considered as a fully fledged library. 
It's only features Lagrange elements on triangles and can evaluate their basis functions.
For example, the following
```

snippet will create a Lagrange element on a triangle with 10 basis functions and evaluate its basis
function with index 5 at the point (0.3, 0.1):

```python
import simplefem
import numpy as np

e = simplefem.lagrange_element(10)
value = e.evaluate(5, np.array([0.3, 0.1]))
```

## Adding simplefem snippets to element pages
To add simplefem to DefElement, a file in the folder
[defelement/implementations](https://github.com/DefElement/DefElement/tree/main/defelement/implementations)
must be created. In this case, we called the file
[simplefem.py](https://github.com/DefElement/DefElement/tree/main/defelement/implementations/simplefem.py).
In this file, we begin by importing functionality from the file
[core.py](https://github.com/DefElement/DefElement/tree/main/defelement/implementations/core.py):

{{snippet::defelement/implementations/simplefem.py::intro}}

In order to information about an implementation to DefElement, we must implement three class methods

> and set the values of four variables in this class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to be able to use the verification process of DefElement,  we must implement three class methods and set the values of four variables in this class.
```

Author: Edited to remove repeating of "implementation"
